We all have that one friend who needs to learn how to whisper.
Just once in my life, I would love to see a liars pants catch on fire.
Finding friends with the same mental disorder as you. Priceless.
I am not clumsy. It's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies and the wall gets in the way.
If I manager to survive the rest of the week, I would like my straight jacket in hot pink and my helmet to sparkle.
I hate when people ask me: What happened to the sweet old you? Well, bitches, you killed her.
A balanced diet is chocolate in both hands.
I can't start my day without my coffee!
Respect your parents. They passed school without google..
Someone just called me NORMAL.... I have never been so insulted in my entire life....
I've been hiding from exercise. I am in the fitness protection program.
They say we learn from our mistakes... That's why I am making as many as possible. I will soon be a genius!
My mom said follow your dreams, So I went back to bed!
I am in Shape. Unfortunately That Shape is a Potato.
I am only a Morning person on December 25th.
If you could read my mind You'd back away slowly then run for your life !!
I have a disease called Awesome. You won't understand it because you dont have it.
No matter how old I am If I see this I am Gonna pop the bubbles.
Exercise? I thought you said please come to Brazil.
Walmart: "Hey, let's buy 30 cash registers and only keep 2 Open."
I have a date tonight with my bed. We are totally gonna sleep together.
I am not fat. I am fluffy.
MATH. Mental Abuse To Humans.
Isn't it funny how red, white & blue represent freedom.... Until they're flashing behind you.
If I was a bird, I know who I would shit on.
Hating people takes too much energy. I just pretend they dont exist.
Sometimes, I forget how to spell a word so I change the whole sentence to avoid using it.
I am not fat. I am just so freakin' sexy it overflows.
Today the little angel on my left shoulder is on vacation. I am alone with the red guy so look out, here comes trouble.
2 mysterious people live in my house. somebody and nobody! somebody did it and no body knows who!
Putting your phone away and paying attention to those talking to you? there is an app for that- It's called RESPECT
THEY SAY MONEY TALKS, BUT MINE JUST WAVES GOODBYE.
My dentist told me I need a crown. I was like I KNOW, Right?
IF STRESS BURNED CALORIES I would BE A SUPER MODEL...
I have lost my mind and i am making no effort to look for it.
I am in one of those moods where I just want to throw a book at someone's face and be like: "I Facebooked you."
You know how you can smack something to get it to work? I wish i could do that with people.
dont like me? Cool, I dont wake up every day to Impress You..
That awkward moment when a Zombie is looking for brains and it walks right past you...
I am not insane! I am mentally hilarious!!
I swear my last words are going to be, "I got this."
At Night I can't Sleep. In The Morning I Can't Wake Up...
We are best friends. Always remember that if you fall I will pick you up. After I finish laughing.
Being Normal?! I just can't imagine how awful that must be!
Today I ran 5 miles. I didn't think that ice cream truck would ever stop.
I think my Iphone is Broken. I Pressed The Home Button and I am Still At Work.
If you dont want a sarcastic answer. then dont ask a stupid question.
IF YOU BRING ME COFFEE WITHOUT HAVING TO ASK, THEN I LOVE YOU.
If I had 10 cookies and you took one, what would you have? That's correct. A black eye and a broken hand.
When life hands you lemons... Squirt them in people's eyes.
I never make the same mistake twice. I make it 5 or 6 times Just to be sure.
I am going to stand outside so if anyone asks I am outstanding.
YUCK! I just stepped in a big pile of Monday!
dont FORGET YOU ARE WHAT YOU EAT. I NEED TO EAT A SKINNY PERSON.
I smile and act like nothing's wrong. It's called Dealing with Life and staying strong.
Getting older sucks! I used to wake up feeling like a million dollars, now it is more like a bounced check!
I hate it when I have to be nice to someone I really want to throw a brick at.
If we were on a sinking ship and there was only one life vest... I would miss you so much.
Life has knocked me down a few times, it showed me things I never wanted to see, I experienced many sadness and failures... but one thing is for sure.. I always get up
The moment you realize it's Friday
I didn't mean to interrupt your scrolling... I just wanted to say you're a special and beautiful Person.
I am just one step away from being rich, all I need now is money!
Sometimes those who dont socialize much aren't actually antisocial, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.
You can't always control who walks into your life... But you can control which window you throw them out of.
Age is just a number... Yeah, and jail is just a room.
I am not really your friend until I start insulting you on a daily basis.
My hidden talent is hidden so perfectly that I haven't found it yet.
There may be no excuse for laziness... but I am still looking.
dont make me mad and then tell me to calm down. That's like shooting someone and then wondering why they're bleeding.
We are all mature until somebody brings out some bubble wrap.
If I ever had to run for my life... I am pretty sure I would die!
Have a great day! You got this!
My brain is like the Bermuda triangle. Information goes in and then it's never found again.
I love my relationship with my bed. No commitment needed. We just sleep together every night..
Have you ever had one of those days, when you're holding a stick and everybody looks like a pinata?
I hate it when people text me: "Call Me" I am gonna start calling people and when they answer, I am gonna say: "Text Me" and hang up.
The problem with some people.... is that they exist.
Here is your nose. I found it in my business.
Of course I talk like an idiot. How else could you understand me?
Admit it. You pushed a door that says pull.
I saw people through the window today. That's enough social interaction.
All my life, I thought air was free... Until I bought a bag of chips.
So you mean to tell me a stress ball isn't for throwing at people who stress you out?
dont judge me. I was born to be Awesome. Not Perfect.
Did you just fall? No. I attacked the floor.
If people are talking about you behind your back. Then just fart!
Some people suck the nice right out of you!
Sometimes my greatest accomplishment is just keeping my mouth shut!
I would lose weight, but I hate losing...
A woman can only run as fast as her boobs will allow her.
Dear stomach, you're bored, not hungry. So shut up...
Remember, no one is perfect. Everyone's ass has a crack in it!
I dont care what you think of me! Unless you think I am awesome, in which case you are right. Carry on..
If you want to change the world, do it while you are single. Once you're married, you can't even change the channel.
Every day, I arrive at work with good intentions and a great attitude... Then idiots happen.
I have discovered the secret to a clean house: never let your children or husband enter it.
The older I get the more I come to realize, that I just dont care what the hell anyone thinks!
Life is not a box of chocolates. It's more like a jar of jalapenos: What you do today can burn your ass tomorrow!
Just because it is a bad idea doesn't mean it is not gonna be a hell of a lot of fun.
I have the right to remain silent but I completely lack the ability to do so.
Dear diet, things just aren't going to work out between us. It's not me, it's you. You are tasteless, boring and I can't stop cheating on you..
I just stepped on a cornflake. Now I am officially a cereal killer.
If you say you're cooler than me... Does that make me hotter than you?
My daughter wanted a Cinderella themed party, so I invited all her friends over and made them clean the house!
I just had a little talk with myself and things didn't go too well... now I am freakin' grounded!
No matter how big a hammer you use, you can't pound common sense into stupid people.
I remember years ago when all I wanted to be was older. I was wrong!
Sorry, sarcasm falls out of my mouth like stupidity falls out of yours.
Friends are like boobs. You've got big ones, small ones, real ones and fake ones!
Having those weird conversations with your friend and thinking "If anyone heard us right now we'd be put into a mental hospital!"
I am not ready for Monday. Can I have another Sunday?
Sleep is my drug, my bed is my dealer and my alarm clock is the police.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half. I dont want two of you around.
Cousins are awesome. Well, mine are. I can't speak for yours.
The only reason I am fat is because a tiny body couldn't store all this personality.
I do not want great things from life but small things that make my life great.
I am not arguing. I am simply explaining why I am right.
Dear mind, please stop thinking so much at night... I need to sleep.
I have no idea what I am doing.
I have never seen a tombstone that said, "Died because I didn't forward a message to ten people"
dont bother putting your hand over my mouth to shut me up. I will lick you.
I want to live my life without stress and worries. I dont need to be rich and famous, I just want to be happy!
Sarcasm: The ability to insult idiots without them realizing it.
"Username or password incorrect" ...Well at least tell me which one it is.
Sometimes life bites you in the ass. But thankfully I have enough padding there to take the hit.
Arguing with a woman is like getting arrested. Everything you say can and will be used against you.
Chocolate came from cocoa which comes from a tree, that makes it a plant. Therefore, chocolate counts as salad. The end.
You are not drunk until you have to grab onto the grass to keep from falling off the earth.
Sometimes I wish I was an octopus so I could slap 8 people at once.
Going crazy... wanna join?
Nothing sucks more than the moment during an argument when you realize you're wrong.
Who is willing to admit they are related to me?
You think I am crazy now? You should see me with my best friend.
Just because I can't sing, doesn't mean I won't sing.
Life is short. Smile while you still have teeth.
I hate when I forget to press send and I am sitting there like an idiot waiting for a reply.
Some people come in your life as blessings, others come in your life as lessons.
I fart because it is the only gas I can afford!!
Stay weird. It's legal and fun.
As we grow up, we realize it is less important to have lots of friends and more important to have real ones.
Sometimes even I am afraid of the things my mind comes up with.
